Hello all,

This is my little project "Proxyma NG".
It's a multiple reverse-proxy implementation with a smart cache and basic
url-rewriting capabilities.
Proxyma it's not perfect, but can handle most of the pages
(and web applications) that I tested.

NOTE: this project is a complete rewrite of the whole engine.
So, in other words, it's NOT compatible with the latest published API (0.9).

This new project is splitted into 2 modules:
 - proxyma-core -> the core library to use into your own applications
 - proxyma-webapp -> a simple webapp that uses the core library to deploy a
                     reverse proxy into any servlet container with a web
                     front-end to configure the proxy folders.

As always, this project is released under the GPL license.
(see the LICENSE file for more informations)

Requirements:
You neeed "maven 2" and Java to build and run this project from source.

To test it you can use the maven embedded Jetty engine, but if you want to use
it in a production environment or run it from binaries you have to provide 
a Servlet Container like Tomcat, Jetty, Glassfish, ecc..

Obtain the source code:
The source code can be found into the sourceforge svn repository.
To download the latest (and first) stable release run this command:
 * svn co https://proxyma.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/proxyma/code/tags/Proxyma-NG_1.0

Build the project:
To build and launch the web application and the core-library from source you
only need to install maven 2 on your computer and run the following commands:

 * mvn -DskipTests=true install
 * cd proxyma-webapp
 * mvn jetty:run

Deploy the binary distribution:
To deploy the binary distribution on tomcat simply use the manager interface
to upload the "proxyma-webapp.war" file or copy it into the webapps
directory of your application server.

Getting started:
 * Open your favorite browser on the URL of the application server
   (http://localhost:8080/)

 * go to the url of proxyma-webapp and the "Proxyma Console" will appear.

 * Choose the default context and click "go!"

 * Add a new proxy folder (to begin you can use the default one :O)

 * Click on the generated folder name and surf the site with proxyma.

------------------------------
 RELEASE NOTES: (Proxyma 1.0)
------------------------------

First official release of the new project.
Note: This is a young version.. there are bugs for sure.
